I approach you with everything I have, now I can not go back
This is clearly a complete addiction so bad that nobody can stop it
Your love, your love, all I want is your love. I'm drunk with ecstasy
Oh she loves me, Oh she has me, Oh she hurts me
What else could be better than this
Someone call the doctor, hug me and tell me
Love is a disease, an addiction, overdid
It is more difficult to control time
I'm falling deeply into it
Too much, it's you, your love, this is overdose
Seeing you inside makes me love you even more, after my breathing accelerates and drowns
I feel a sigh and then a chill
Your love, your love is like poison to me, I can not escape
My blood warms up and she controls all of my
Oh she loves me, Oh she has me, Oh she hurts me
What else can I do better than this?
Someone call the doctor, hug me and tell me
Love is a disease, an addiction, overdid
It is more difficult to control time
I'm falling deeply into it EH OH
Too much, it's you, your love, this is overdose
Everyone asks me if I have changed
As if you were stuck in my heart
My world is full of you
I can not stop I'm full of you
Now, in this moment, you are in my heart
EXO
I taste you and I take you
My heart trembles, I get to have you but it's not enough
This thirst sends chills to the tips of my fingers
Hold on to this moment, they are good, do not stop
Hey doctor, was not it?
You and I will be with the uncontrollable attraction
Without this feeling it is as if he were dead
The reason why I live is because of your dullness
Somebody call the doctor, I need it
I will not be able to endure even one more day (not another day)
You are an addiction that I do not want to escape from
Too much (too much) are you, your love (your love) this is overdose
Subtitles provided by fans! Thank you :) -TVPP-